1. I study myself more than any other subject. That is my metaphysics, that is my physics. (Michel de Montaigne)
5. How absurd men are ! They never use the liberties they have, they demand those they do not have. They have freedom of thought, they demand freedom of speech. (Søren Kierkegaard)
6. Avec le chaos vient l’adaptation, l’innovation, le changement et l’espoir. Le chaos est rempli d’espoir car il annonce la renaissance. (Coline Serreau)
7. Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. (Mark Twain)
8. Loneliness is not solitude. Solitude requires being alone whereas loneliness shows itself most sharply in company with others. In solitude I’m by myself, together with my self, therefore two-in-one, whereas in loneliness I am actually one, deserted by all others. (Hannah Arendt)
9. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. (Robert A. Heinlein)
11. To make interesting scientific discoveries, you should acquire as many good friends as possible who are energetic, intelligent and knowledgeable as they can be. You will find all the programs you need are stored in your friends, and will execute productively and creatively as long as you don’t interfere too much. (Herbert A. Simon)
12. Sit down before fact like a little child, and be prepared to give up every preconceived notion. Follow humbly wherever and to whatever abyss Nature leads, or you shall learn nothing. (Thomas Henry Huxley)
13. In an ever-changing, incomprehensible world the masses had reached the point where they would, at the same time, believe everything and nothing, think that everything was possible and that nothing was true. Mass propaganda discovered that its audience was ready at all times to believe the worst, no matter how absurd, and did not particularly object to being deceived because it held every statement to be a lie anyhow. The totalitarian mass leaders based their propaganda on the correct psychological assumption that, under such conditions, one could make people believe the most fantastic statements one day, and trust that if the next day they were given irrefutable proof of their falsehood, they would take refuge in cynicism; instead of deserting the leaders who had lied to them, they would protest that they had known all along that the statement was a lie and would admire the leaders for their superior tactical cleverness. (Hannah Arendt)
14. The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. (Friedrich Nietzsche) 
15. Without freedom of thought there can be no such thing as wisdom and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech. (Benjamin Franklin)
16. Imagination is more important than knowledge. (Albert Einstein)
17. Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man’s upper chamber, if he has common-sense on the ground floor. (Oliver Wendell Holmes)
18. Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. (Albert Einstein)
19. Never let school interfere with your education. (Mark Twain)
20. Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. (Mark Twain) 
21. All too often we are giving young people cut ﬂowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants. (John W. Gardner)
22. These days we have Smartphones, Smart cars, Smartboards, Smart everything, but consider this: if the technology is getting smarter, does that mean humans are getting dumber? (Rebecca McNutt)
23. Never exceed your rights, and they will soon become unlimited. (Jean-Jacques Rousseau)
24. Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
25. They must find it difficult...Those who have taken authority as the truth, rather than truth as the authority. (Gerald Massey)
26. Too often we hold fast to the cliches of our forebears. We subject all facts to a prefabricated set of interpretations. Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. (John F. Kennedy)
28. What I must do is all that concerns me, not what the people think. This rule, equally arduous in actual and intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness. It is the harder, because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it. It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great person is one who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
29. I submit that an individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for the law. (Martin Luther King Jr.)
30. If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. (Isaac Newton)
31. The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not. (Thomas Jefferson)
32. Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you like it or not; it is the first lesson that ought to be learned; and however early a man's training begins, it is probably the last lesson that he learns thoroughly. (Thomas Henry Huxley)
33. Tout groupe humain prend sa richesse dans la communication, l’entraide et la solidarité visant à un but commun: l’épanouissement de chacun dans le respect des différences. (Françoise Dolto)
34. That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach. (Aldous Huxley)
35. Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge. (Carl Sagan)
36. As a kid, I dreamt of becoming a writer. My most exciting pastime was reading novels; in fact, I would read anything I could find. (Maryam Mirzakhani)
37. One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. (Bob Marley)
38. There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. (Henry David Thoreau)
39. I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. (Winston Churchill)
40. The only difference between genius and insanity is that genius has its limits. (Albert Einstein)
42. As we enjoy great advantages from the inventions of others, we should be glad of an opportunity to serve others by any invention of ours, and this we should do freely and generously. (Benjamin Franklin)
41. Now let us consider another kind of drug – still undiscovered, but probably just around the corner – a drug capable of making people feel happy in situations where they would normally feel miserable. Such a drug would be a blessing, but a blessing fraught with grave political dangers. By making harmless chemical euphoria freely available, a dictator could reconcile an entire population to a state of affairs to which self-respecting human beings ought not to be reconciled. Despots have always found it necessary to supplement force by political or religious propaganda. In this sense the pen is mightier than the sword. But mightier than either the pen or the sword is the pill. In mental hospitals it has been found that chemical restraint is far more effective than strait jackets or psychiatry. The dictatorships of tomorrow will deprive men of their freedom, but will give them in exchange a happiness none the less real, as a subjective experience, for being chemically induced. The pursuit of happiness is one of the traditional rights of man; unfortunately, the achievement of happiness may turn out to be incompatible with another of man's rights – liberty. (Aldous Huxley, Drugs That Shape Men's Minds, 1958)
43. Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons. (Ralph Waldo Emerson) 
44. You have to give the people what they want. And then you have to give them what you know they're supposed to get. (Bob Marley)
45. The only possible metaphor one may conceive of for the life of the mind is the sensation of being alive. Without the breath of life the human body is a corpse; without thinking the human mind is dead. (Hannah Arendt)
46. You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. (Aristotle)
47. The question is not whether we will be extremists, but what kind of extremists we will be. The nation and the world are in dire need of creative extremists. (Martin Luther King, Jr.)
48. Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it. (Henry David Thoreau)
49. If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart. (Gautama Buddha)
50. Sit with winners, the conversation is different. (Tim Karsliyev)
51. Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small doesn't serve the world. There's nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We are born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us, it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. (Nelson Mandela)
52. He who sows the ground with care and diligence acquires greater stock of religious merit than he could gain by the repetition of ten thousand prayers. (Zoroaster Zendavesta)
53. A man is what he thinks about all day long. (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
54. We make our world significant by the courage of our questions, and by the depth of our answers. (Carl Sagan)
55. Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison. (Henry David Thoreau)
